---
layout: post
title: Feb 15, 2003
date: 2003-02-15 01:00
author: ryanstraits
categories:
tags: xanga
comments: true
image: /assets/images/xanga/2004-04-16.jpg
---
listening to: switchfoot - the beautiful letdown [02 - this is your life]

eating: choc. chip cookie dough ice cream [while my cat sits patiently waiting to lick the bowl]

<!-- break -->

so the only reason i'm posting is cuz it's been a week since i posted last...and i don't have anything that interesting to say really...except that i put my two weeks notice in today at my job...you may thinking that isn't that big of a thing...but just think if you would be leaving the only job you've ever had which you've been reporting to for meaningless slave labor for nearly 6 years...it's pretty crazy...i still can't believe i'm actually leaving beachy's...but now i'm out...no turning back...on to bigger and better things...i'm moving up the corporate ladder...finding my place in this world...etc. etc. etc...yeah, so i just got a factory job at progressive foam in beach city...but it is more of a real job than what i had before....right?...well it's kind of a half-real job i guess...and the pay is good...although i am gonna have to get used to working on friday nites...that's gonna be a major hit on my social freedom...or something like that...

everyone needs to come see <a href="http://www.hollandband.com" target="_blank">holland</a> when they play at the christian worship center on feb. 27th...it's gonna be a killer show...i saw these guys open up for relient k a few months back and just picked up their brand new cd...this is gonna be a show you do not wanna miss...check out <a href="http://www.xanga.com/dreamerswell" target="_blank">dave's page</a> for more details...

<em>i've been listening to "(the get up kids) valentine" over and over again...with only thoughts of you in my mind...how many more years will it be until i hear you say..."will you be my....valentine?"</em>

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*