---
title: Feb 21, 2003
date: 2003-02-21 00:00:00 +0000
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- xanga
comments: true
image: "/assets/images/xanga/2004-04-16.jpg"
slug: '014'
---
If you can't laugh at yourself don't read!!

## You know you’re from Tuscarawas County if…

<!-- break -->

1\. You start thinking bonnets are attractive. 

2\. You actually read the Bargain Hunter. 

3\. You and your grandmother used the same locker in high school. 

4\. Nobody in your family ever crossed the county line. 

5\. In order to add culture to your life you attend the Italian festival. 

6\. You’re actually get excited for First Towne days. 

7\. You say things like over-top.

8\. You take out-of-town guests to Amish country.

9\. You still search for Reagan on the voting ballot. 

10\. You think you know someone important because they’ve been on an airplane. 

11\. You think Newport is a suburb of Uhrichsville.

12\. Or you think Uhrichsville is a city. 

13\. You still talk about the three touchdown passes you threw against Dover… 20years later.

14\. You know the dates for Canal Days. 

15\. You think the biggest sporting event of the year is the 3-on-3 basketball game at Cornfest. 

16\. You feel it’s okay to drive 60 in the fastlane. 

17\. You believe we should put more firemen at intersections to collect money. 

18\. You see no difference between a Broadway musical and “Trumpet in the Land”.

19\. You look to TV-2 as your news source. 

20\. You consider a trip to Wal-Mart, a night out on the town. 

21\. You consider Dennison and Uhrichsville to be the real "twin cities".

22\. You can spell Tuscarawas correctly. 

23\. You don’t speak to people from a city right next to yours… just because.

24\. You consider El San Jose “fine dining.”

25\. You save up your vacation for deer season.

26\. You choose to buy a four wheeler instead of paying child support.

27\. You consider your commute to Malone as “going away” to college.

28\. You actually get upset when reading these.

29\. The men in your family worked for the same company for five generations.

30\. You believe them when they say they’re improving the traffic system.

31\. You think “hamburg” is a complete word.

32\. You think the Reeves mansion is actually a mansion.

33\. You pray that your local high school teams will win.  I mean really pray.

34\. You’ve been to the Warthers Museum…and liked it.

35\. You still discuss who REALLY set fire to New Phila H.S.

36\. As a grown man, you still egg houses during Dover-Phila week.

37\. Everyone who lives around you has the last name Miller.

38\. You think Monroe Mall is really a mall.

39\. You can answer why 7-mile dr. is called 7-mile dr. (hint:  it’s not 7 miles long).

40\. You only come out of your house twice a year...once for the fair and the second for the agricultural show at the mall.

41\. You think drive-thru liquor stores are a nifty idea.

42\. You think living is Gnadenhutten is a privilege.

43\. You can’t understand why we wrote this.

44\. The courthouse is the largest building you’ve ever seen.

45\. You’re a member of any “lodge” or “order” with the name of an animal in it.

46\. You can actually follow Rt. 39 through town.

47\. You call Snow Trails a “Ski Resort”.

48\. You think New Towne Mall is really a mall.

49\. You’ve tried to convince your kid that the ferris wheel at the park is big.

50\. You tell out-of-towners your hometown name with confidence, as if they’ve ever heard of it!!

Just for entertainment, The Mo-Kan Connection

---

\######_Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken._