---
title: Feb 3, 2003
date: '2003-02-03 17:32:00'
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- xanga
comments: true
image: "/assets/images/xanga/2004-04-16.jpg"
slug: 009

---
listening to: absolutely nothing...i'm downloading new music right now...hopefully it will be good...

<!-- break -->

i just had this funny thought today...all you guys out there with girlfriends are gonna have a big dilemma come feb. 14th...are you gonna take your chic's out for a nice, romantic dinner by candlight and stare dreamily into each other's eyes and so on and so on...or will you take her to a quick cheap dinner and then drag her to the theater only to stand in line for an hour just so you can see the new hyped-up action/adventure flick "daredevil" on it's opening day? what a predicament...it's at times like these that i'm glad i never had a girlfriend over valentines day...or any other time of the year for that matter...

speaking of movies i went to see "the recruit" on friday and thoroughly enjoyed it...it was the first movie i saw in theaters this year so far and it didn't let me down...i recommend it to anyone who's in the mood for a good spy/action flick...

for anyone interested in my creative works...i will be performing with "frankie delego and the comeback babies" [a collaboration between members of red eye flight, litwik and futureman] this wed. feb. 5th where we will be opening up for ace troubleshooter [a really amazing christian punk band]...i will be playing guitar and keyboards which are two instruments i am not totally comfortable playing...should be quite interesting...i urge you all to come and check out the show if for nothing else than to see ace play or to pay the $7 to get in cuz dave needs your money...

don't expect too many more entries from me from now on...the novelty of this online journal crap is quickly fading...especially when i put hard work into writing these entries and then they don't submit and are lost forever into the great abyss...

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*