---
layout: post
title: Feb 2, 2004
date: 2004-02-02 15:29
author: ryanstraits
categories:
tags: xanga
comments: true
image: /assets/images/xanga/2004-04-16.jpg
---
i am wanting to rehearse all that is going on in my life currently with you all but unfortunately i only have a half-hour to write this entry...and that's not enough for me to write something deep and personal...so today you're just going to have to settle for a bland re-telling of the events of my weekend...

<!-- break -->

this weekend ended up being a bit more eventful than i had planned on it being...fri. nite i went to my pal bruno's bachelor party...the dancing ladies and keg of intoxicating liquid failed to show up so we ended up just eating pizza, playing poker, madden 2004 and a few rather thrilling games of carpet-ball...some may think this would not be a fun evening in most cases...however it's been a while since i've done anything of the sort and it was a much needed break from my normal routine of mundane friday nites...it took me back to my good ol' high school days...ahh to be young and stupid again...

sat. i went into town and applied for my adult passport which will allow for me to leave the country...apparently the passport i previously had was invalid because i was a child when i got it...i don't think there have been any notable changes in my citizen status since then and i certainly haven't been involved in any radical behavior so why the need for a new passport? it's all rubbish i tell you...complete rubbish...later that afternoon my good friend <a href="http://www.xanga.com/dreamerswell" target="_blank">dave</a> hart came over and we proceeded to watch several episodes of the upright citizen's brigade that he has on dvd...oh what good times...i can't wait til seasons 2 and 3 come out...what a wonderful show it was...

sat. nite i went with low expectations to a jeremy camp concert here in the 'creek...i however was greatly surprised at his performance and i ended up really enjoying him...i like his cd a good bit but loved him so much more live...his back-up band was incredible and his testimony is unmatched...i do believe some people got saved...what an amazing opportunity he has and i'm glad he's taking advantage of the platform that God has given him...that nite i also got reacquainted with old friends and met a few new ones (one in particular named boo) which also made the evening that much more enjoyable...

sun. nite i decided to meet a bunch of guys and watch grown men pummel each other into submission, a gross old woman expose herself,  and companies pay millions of dollars for a worthless 30 second time spot aimed to make me laugh and all on a large glowing box...the result? an unsettling but ultimately enjoyable time...why? mostly because many of my closest friends were there with me...which usually makes just about any situation that much more enjoyable...i see a theme developing for this weekend...the company of others: good...sitting at home by yourself: bad...how insightful and deep is that?

that is all...go back to your normal lives...

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*