---
title: Mar 3, 2004
date: '2004-03-03 15:14:00'
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- xanga
comments: true
image: "/assets/images/xanga/2004-04-16.jpg"
slug: '087'

---
this is my feeble attempt of sounding motivated...

<!-- break -->

i have found myself slipping further and further into becoming settled in my life...after all it is the natural progression of things...school...job...wife...the rest of your life...it's the default...if nothing outstanding happens in your life at least you can resort to living the safe, settled, satisfactory life...right? i'm afraid i can't agree...i have been called to go...which is probably why it's so easy to stay...but this life was never meant to be easy, or settled, or satisfactory...i have been called to live a life on the edge, to live with reckless abandon, to count the cost and throw caution to the wind, to live not with the satisfaction that i have accomplished the american dream, but to live with the fulfillment of knowing i am giving myself for a heavenly reality...the truth is...i'm only 22...who says i must be married and have a kid on the way by my age? who says i need to have a car and house payment and should be steadily advancing up the company pay-scale? i can't live that life...at least not yet...i still need room to live a little and make a few mistakes without those mistakes affecting a wife, my children and my job security...

so now...where do i go from here? i believe God has a bigger plan for my life than where i am currently at...i don't know where that will lead me...for some, living dangerously for God means staying put here in ol' t-county...it does not seem that would be so for me...although i am not the one to make that call...i can say this...at the end of this month i will be on a flight heading to the country of albania (it's right below kosovo and yugoslavia so you get the picture of where they're at economically) in south-eastern europe on an investigative trip...a trip to see if God wants me there...i am praying that God will keep my heart open to possibly giving a year or two of my time to help build a church there...i pray that he'll give me a heart for the people of the country and a desire to see them come to Christ and be used in whatever fashion God would have me to be...

on top of that...as of yesterday i am officially going with cam and a few other guys to do a youth camp in baja, mexico in june...i'm so excited for that trip...we're just gonna be hanging out w/ a bunch of kids from a youth group in san diego all week...we may venture up to the city of angels for a day as well...cam has asked me to consider possibly going to san diego for an extended period of time to help out the youth pastor of this youth group for a while...so going to this camp is a sort of "investigative" trip as well...i'm praying for it the same way i am for albania...although the idea of going to san diego clicks with me...i went there my senior year for an youth outreach deal and the whole thing just fit...i dunno what it was...was it God trying to tell me something? or just the fact that it's frickin' california and living there would be amazing...hmmm...could it be a bit of both?

<em>california...here we come...</em>

so yeah ok...sorry to bore you guys w/ all this serious junk lately...so just take it for what it is...and i'm not quite sure what it is...but take it as that...anyways, to lighten things up i'll post a lil bit of what i usually do...give you a boring retelling of the latest happenings in my life...

fri. nite steve and i got together at valley-view comm. church and jammed w/ a boy named boo (ha!...that's a play on a goo-goo dolls album name)...and it made for good times...the dude is a great drummer and has nobody to play with...what a horrible shame...i'm glad we could in some way bestow him with some musical enlightenment...even if that consisted of steve and i playing "i believe in a thing called love" by the darkness over and over again...man that's a great song...strange...but fun to play...

sat. was filled with 3 things: 12 ordinary men study w/ cam as usual in the morning (btw i am enjoying this study...and just the chance to hang out w/ 12 like-passioned dudes every week...more and more)...xbox in the afternoon...and the wal-nut grounds coffe shop at nite...fun...but predictable...

sun. i went to church...then helped troy and dz try to revive troy's dead car on the side of rt. 39...then back to the church for an albania meeting...then home to try to churn out a lab report for school...sun. nite several singles invaded our home and proceeded to force me into playing dominoes with them...what crazy means of modern torture will they come up with next...

last nite was my first attempt at being the worship leader of six:forty...despite several setbacks and some minor glitches it didn't end up being too bad...apparently we sounded pretty good...it's just another testament to the fact that God can take our weaknesses and use them for his glory...how kool is that...

will this feeble sound motivate me to an attempt?

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*