---
layout: post
title: Mar 10, 2004
date: 2004-03-10 15:29
author: ryanstraits
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
disregard my last post...it was a moment of weakness...and i've since come to find that God is still God...and he is still good...no matter what kind of junk i decide to throw myself in...although i am going to try to be more transparent and open in my up and comping xanga entries...hopefully they will be representative of moments of strength and inspriration...not whatever that was sunday nite...so anyways, if the truth be told...my life isn't bad now...it could be better...but instead of taking on new things to try to make my life more bearable or pleasant...i am realizing more lately that contentment and satisfaction will only come when i begin to strip away all the stuff i've already applied and have sought after and get back to the foundation...the firm foundation...that will never change...my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ...God has been driving that in to me in every area, every facet and in every medium i come across...with the message on sunday morning (longing for satisfaction in the promised life instead of just sustenance in the wilderness), with me getting out one of my top-five favorite worship albums, jeff deyo's "saturate" (<em>i wanna be free in Jesus, i wanna be satisfied in you and you alone...take this heart...take my life...hold me close...satisfy...</em>), last nite with cam bringing out the "ditch the tube" message...the same one he nailed me and group of my friends with at the summer camp of '98...a camp that changed my life...it hit me good once again, he's showing me further in my daily reading in the book of joshua and then even more today when i read jeff deyo's weekly devotional on cmcentral.com...i highly encourage all of you to go out and read the <a href="http://www.cmcentral.com/devo/2.html" target="_new">whole thing</a>...here's an excerpt in case you're not so inclined:

<span style="color:#ff9966;background-color:transparent;">Psalm 46:10 is a well known verse that reminds us to be still and know that God is God. The New Living Translation actually says, “Be silent, and know that I am God!” But it’s not just talking about being still physically! It means, be still with your whole self, through and through – heart, mind, body and soul – resting deep, deep, deep down inside and resolving that God is real and that He is your God. It’s being able to know him as a close friend and a King all at the same time. It’s breathing in and out, in and out, in and out . . . Jesus, Daddy, Abba Father, Spirit of God. It’s losing yourself. It’s loving him more with every heartbeat without thinking about it too hard. It’s hugging him deeply with your heart. It’s plugging into his life changing power. It’s being immersed in the peace that passes all understanding. God’s peace. Real peace. It’s letting go of worry. It’s letting go of fear. It’s loosening up the grip you have on your future. It’s allowing the refreshing of God to wash over you, healing, nurturing, protecting, guiding, transforming.</span>

last nite i was blessed once again to lead sixforty in worship...each week it's getting sweeter and sweeter and i'm feeling more comfortable doing it...i don't know if i'll ever feel totally comfortable in front of all those people...but that's kool though...cuz then if people are being touched i know it's not anything that i have done...it's all God...and that's the way it should be...so we're going to be steve-less the next few weeks cuz he's gotta do something really lame called "work"...so troy's going to come out of his sabbatical and i believe an ol' pro may be coming out of retirement to help with singing duties...should be fun...hopefully as fun as this week...josh is playing drums again...now i don't know if it was the spirit or the kick drum...but something was moving in there last nite...and it was a rockin'...

got the nite off tonite...no smallville or oc to immerse myself in...so hopefully i'll participate in something constructive...

i wouldn't count on it though...

<em>this is me at my newest...</em>
