---
title: Dec 16, 2005
date: '2005-12-16 22:52:00'
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- xanga
comments: true
image: "/assets/images/xanga/2006-06-03.jpg"
slug: 219

---
katy bar the door...it's:

<strong><span style="color:#afbfcf;">ryan's top</span> 5 <span style="color:#afbfcf;">favorite albums of 200</span>5</strong>

<!-- break -->
<ol>
	<li>coldplay - x &amp; y <span style="color:#999999;">[it's coldplay...i waited three whole years for this album...was it a letdown? possibly...but topping "a rush of blood to the head" and "parachutes" is a tall order for anyone...even mr. paltrow himself]</span></li>
	<li>sufjan stevens - illinois <span style="color:#999999;">["michigan" and "seven swans" were better albums on the whole but "illinois" will bide the time nicely until sufjan finds his way to ohio]</span></li>
	<li>david crowder band - a collision <span style="color:#999999;">[so he stole a few ideas (and even a song) from the aforementioned mr. stevens...even still, he's ten times more original than any other "christian worship band" out there...but i guess that isn't too much of a feat these days...a fantastic album regardless]</span></li>
	<li>death cab for cutie - plans <span style="color:#999999;">[the big question of 2005: did death cab sell out? the answer: who cares as long as ben gibbard still writes beautiful music...and yup...he still does]</span></li>
	<li>nada surf - the weight is a gift <span style="color:#999999;">[it's hard to imagine that these are the same three guys that wrote a song i headbanged to in junior high...but our musical paths have reconvened nearly 10 years later and i for one am hooked...it's indie pop at it's finest]</span></li>
</ol>
<em>criteria: must be released in 2005 and played continuously in my car for longer than two weeks...</em>

<strong><span style="color:#afbfcf;">notable mention (in alphabetical order, naturally):</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>anberlin - never take friendship personal</li>
	<li>beck - guero</li>
	<li>ben folds - songs for silverman</li>
	<li>copeland - in motion</li>
	<li>denison witmer - are you a dreamer?</li>
	<li>discover america - psychology</li>
	<li>doves - some cities</li>
	<li>elbow - leaders of the free world</li>
	<li>sigur ros - takk</li>
	<li>strada - you have nothing to fear</li>
</ul>
<span style="color:#afbfcf;">---</span>

i do occasionally post at <a href="http://www.xanga.com/antialterego" target="_new">another site</a> that many of you may or may not find somewhat interesting...let's just call it the "relevant version of my virtual self"...plus what could be better than a double dose of yours truly?...

<span style="color:#afbfcf;">---</span>

may you and yours find peace, warmth, and great deals at target this holiday season...

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*