---
layout: post
title: Apr 19, 2005
date: 2005-04-19 16:54
author: ryanstraits
categories:
tags: xanga
comments: true
image: /assets/images/xanga/2005-06-03.jpg
---
<em>how long before i get in? </em><em>before it starts, before i begin?
how long before you decide? before i know what it feels like?
where do, where do i go? if you never tried, then</em> <em>you'll never know...</em>

<!-- break -->

i am currently getting lost to the new coldplay single...i've been waiting a quarter of an eternity for something new from these guys and as always they have not disappointed...they are proving once again just what incredible songsmiths they are...

<em>how long am i gonna stand with my head stuck under the sand?
i'll start before i can stop, before i see things the right way up...</em>

well the weekend did prove to be momentous...it was planned to be so and for the most part lived up to it's preconceived entitlement...i was surprised by the presence of many old friends who i've lost touch with for one worthless reason or another...distance should make the heart grow fonder not farther...but out of sight does often turn to out of mind...touch is lost and time is passed...and we find ourselves wondering how it has come to be...

yes, momentous indeed...despite the time differences it seemed as if we were all operating in standard time once again...convening all as we once had in days gone by...whether under the stars and by firelight...at the wedding of one of our best and brightest...at the concert of a local legend...or on a drive to a nearby town...it was like nothing really had changed...there were many laughs shared...a great many stories told...bottles were tipped back and spirits were high...the warmth of rekindled friendships and hearty conversations lasted far into the night...it was indeed a weekend worthy of celebration...

nothing really has changed...that is, except we ourselves...sometimes it takes a momentous weekend to remind you that you have many insignificant weeks ahead...but in the end...it's not about the moments we share together...or even where they are shared anyways...

it's about those who are there to share them with you...

<em>if you could see it then you'd understand...</em>

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*