---
title: Feb 24, 2005
date: '2005-02-24 16:41:00'
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- xanga
comments: true
image: "/assets/images/xanga/2005-06-03.jpg"
slug: '156'

---
<em>so why do you fill my sorrow...with the words you've borrowed...from the only place you've known?</em>

<!-- break -->

man...i've been wrapped up in so much quality television lately...as i've stated many times before...i think "lost" has to be the best show on tv these days...it's really blowing my mind...the writing is out of this world and their combination of revealing the individual characters pasts with the uncovering of more and more of the islands mysteries is just flat out amazing television...wednesdays have quickly become my favorite night of the week if only because of this show...last night's episode will rank in my top five of the show so far...that closing montage...wow...pretty good stuff...all topped off with "delicate" by damien rice being played over it...the whole time i'm thinking...how are the batteries on hurley's walkman still working after they've been marooned this whole time...and just then it quits...haha...brilliant...such a good show...

if wednesday nights are my favorite than thursdays are definitely a close second...mostly because of "the oc"...i'd agree this season isn't quite up to par with the last but it's still pretty great television...mostly because of the witty dialogue...which was the whole reason i even got into "dawson's creek"...yes yes...i know...i was tricked into watching it and those great conversations they had and that dang joey potter got me hooked...but the beek doesn't hold anything to seth cohen i must say...

and then falling all the way to third place on my list this year is the old sentimental fave "smallville"...and it'd be farther down if it wasn't for their inclusion of lois lane this season...there's such a great dynamic between her and clark...so much so that i weep and lament sorely every episode that she's not on...i hope to the superman god's that be that she becomes a series regular by next season...which should be good by the way...clark's going off to college...and i'm really hoping they put this boring lana/witch plot to rest soon and very soon...who gives a rip...lois and clark is where it's at now...anyways, i think it'll be a welcome change to get the kids out of smallville and on to the big city...wonder if they'll change the name of the show to "metropolis" after this season...hmmm...

ok so now that i've totally alienated everyone reading this...i'll move on to other topics...

but see...there's no one i can really share all this amazing television with...so sad....so sad indeed...

you'll listen won't you xanga?

<hr id="null" />

<strong><span style="color:#009999;">notable quote</span></strong>

"it takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new...but there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful...there is more security in the <em>adventurous</em> and <em>exciting</em>, for in <em>movement</em> there is life, and in <em>change </em>there is power..." - alan cohen

<hr id="null" />

<em><span style="font-size:xx-small;">yup...as usual...don't know where it came from...but here it is regardless:
</span></em><strong><span style="color:#009999;">random word of the day</span></strong>
<div>posit - <em>tr. v.</em></div>
<ol>
	<li>To assume the existence of; postulate.</li>
	<li>To put forward, as for consideration or study; suggest.</li>
	<li>To place firmly in position.</li>
</ol>

<hr id="null" />

<em>and why do you sing hallelujah...if it means nothing to yah?...why do you sing with me at all?</em>

---

######*Note: This post is from a very old Xanga blog of mine. A very, very old blog. In fact, it's practically a museum. Be sure not to touch any old references or links. You won't break them, they are most certainly already broken.*