---
layout: post
title: Is Post-Modern Just A Fancy Word For "Future"?
date: 2008-04-11 02:19
author: ryanstraits
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<p>about two years ago i began a journey.</p>
<p>i didn't realize it at the time, all i knew was that i had truly begun to fall in love with the God i had known since the earliest days of my youth. for the first time i could remember, this love that i had heard about, read about and tried to live out my entire life actually began to take hold of me. it became real.</p>
<p>it came at a time when the doldrums of life had overtaken me and i was losing faith. the barnacles of the religion i had claimed as my own were beginning to wear my soul to the bone. as my post-college self slowly began realizing that he was living a post-adventurous, pre-marriage, pre-settled down life in a post-modern world i began to lose hope in the pre-reality dreams that i had made for myself many years prior. "real life", as it was called, had finally come and i was sorely disappointed at where i had landed in it.</p>
<p>it started small, like a grassroots movement in my heart. a line in a book here, wise words from a speaker there, an emotion attached to a particular chorus of a song. stone by stone i was slowly and surely building an altar to the God i had discovered anew and he was bringing a new fire to my heart. a fire, that in all my years of living the Christian life, i had never felt. that's because it wasn't something i could be given, taught, or preached to about. suddenly so</p>
<p>a taste that must be experienced for oneself. i believe this is because it comes to each person differently; no two have the same story. not unlike the first time we fall in love.</p>

