---
layout: post
title: Common Sense In Uncommon Times
date: 2008-11-11 03:23
author: ryanstraits
comments: true
categories: [serious bid-ness]
---
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>i actually had a rather lengthy post all typed up and ready to go explaining why i voted the way i did this election. in it i laid out every point and perceived counter-point to defend the decision i&nbsp; had come to this november (thinking for some reason that i had to defend my decision). but as i was nearing the end of it, the realization of the certain futility that a post of that nature would generate started to creep in around me. i am thankful now that i didn't release that post to the hounds, it's just not a worthy use of this space in the greater good of things.</p>
<p>see, i&rsquo;ve found over the years that i'm much more eager to listen to someone who isn&rsquo;t so eager to shove their opinion down my throat. sharing opinions is quite alright of course, it's just not my personal aim to be a lightning rod. i think we&rsquo;re all put together that way. so, though it wasn&rsquo;t my goal in the least to shove my opinions on politics or hot-button issues on anyone, i began to see how it was going to come off that way. certain people only see what they want to see, after all.</p>
<p>so now that the dust has settled in the wake of the election results, i figured it was safe to pop my head out a little bit with my two cents. So while I&rsquo;m won't bore you with any details (some will choose to read them in anyways), i decided to fill this space with what i believe is a healthy dose of common sense that i think we all could use now and in the future.</p>
<p>first, let's start with the name-calling.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The point I&rsquo;m trying to make is this: I don&rsquo;t believe in toeing the party line. It&rsquo;s just a ridiculously small-minded, unrealistic way of viewing America. In fact, this next statement may surprise you: There isn&rsquo;t one party that has all the answers for this country.</p>
<p>Bombshell. Take a minute to reflect.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size:12pt;">See, I think we all realize this deep inside (for some it&rsquo;s <em>reeeally</em> deep, down inside) and yet we still feel the need to latch onto one &ldquo;team&rdquo;, decry all detractors as &ldquo;whacko&rdquo;, and root like the dickens for &ldquo;our guy&rdquo;. It&rsquo;s human nature, of course. But there&rsquo;s this wonderful thing called &ldquo;common sense&rdquo; that can override our nature if we let it. Maybe you&rsquo;ve heard of it. If you haven&rsquo;t, please discontinue reading as you&rsquo;ll probably post a comment devoid of any of it in response to this post. </span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>

