---
layout: post
title: Life And The Living Thereof
date: 2012-10-24 03:46
author: ryanstraits
comments: true
categories: [hopes, dreams &amp; in-betweens]
---
<p>I remember when the summers stretched on forever...</p>
<p>These days, time seems to clip by at a much more hurried pace. The summer we couldn't wait for all last winter has come and gone. It's embers now warm us on these crisp, fall nights.</p>
<p>Where does the time go?</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>I came across a study a few years back on how our perception of time changes as we get older. Our points of reference pile up closer and closer together. The days get shorter, the years come quicker. I have over 30 years of life to reference back to while my three-year-old niece has, well, three. For her, this past summer was 8% of her known life, but for me it was less than 0.01%.</p>
<p>So in Ava's eyes, the summer really did last forever.</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>To me, the last three summers have gone by quicker than most. Three years ago I didn't know my wife. I didn't know I'd be living in a different city four states away. Or that I'd be becoming a father this soon. I'll be 31 in two months, so I probably should have been thinking more about marriage and starting a family than I was.</p>
<p>To be fair, I was beginning to lean in that direction. My aforementioned niece helped to get the ball rolling. I began seeing the value in becoming a family man.&nbsp;Growing up in a small town, I was constantly being pulled into talks about marriage and families and the starting thereof. "The average age of marriage is 27", my left brain would say. "Someone needs to wait a little bit to maintain that average." The problem was, where I was from, nearly everyone I knew was doing their best job of pulling that average down.</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>I've been talking with a good friend recently about my former bachelor life. He has found himself at a similar stage to the one I was in three to four years back. It's so strange for me to be in a place of giving guidance to someone stuck between stations. I so wished for someone further down the road to let me know that it was going to be alright. Life will catch up to you soon enough. Because when you're 27 with no prospects and barely any unmarried friends, you can start to worry. And worrying is such a tremendous waste of time.</p>
<p>Because, looking back on them now, I am ridiculously proud of my 20's. I had the time of my life and then some. I travelled as much as I could holding down a 9-to-5 job. I explored as much as my homebodied heart allowed. I went to Hawaii, New York City, Europe, California (multiple times), the Pacific Northwest, thought about moving to California, and then thought better of myself. I joined a band. We travelled the country. I moved in with a good friend. Then thought better of that, and moved out on my own. I met so many fabulous folks.&nbsp;My only regrets are the places I didn't go and the people I didn't meet.&nbsp;</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>The <a href="/blog/2010/7/5/choose-your-own-adventure.html">next step of my adventure</a> has been well documented <a href="http://sinnersaint.squarespace.com/blog/2011/7/11/on-leaving-and-lebron.html">already</a>. I met a girl. 6 months later, I moved across the country. 16 months later, we got married. 5 months later, she took a pregnancy test. Oops.</p>
<p>Here we go.</p>
<p>Life moves quick, friends. Today I woke up and nearly forgot that the year is currently 2012. 2012! We're living in the future.</p>
<p>Where does the time go?</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>I suppose I'm ready to settle down now. I'm already an old soul who enjoys solitude and staying in more than I ever have. My cute and completely cuddly wife certainly plays into that tendency. But there's still that part of me that gets restless. That wants options and looks for the quickest way out of a room. I suppose part of that is just human nature. Marriage is a great endeavor, yes, but babies are so...permanent.</p>
<p>I know it will change everything. I know I'm not ready for it. How could I ever be? There's no precedent for bringing a human being into the world. No amount of watching someone else raise a child could ever prepare you. "Here's this fully dependent life form, you OWN this now (or rather, this own YOU now). It's your's forever. Have fun!"</p>
<p>No turning back.</p>
<p>But make no mistake, this is not the end. Lately, I've found myself avoiding those parents that go out of their way to inform me that life as I know it is over. Like it's their personal mission to make sure every new parent experiences the same level of anxiety that they have. Listen, I know that I have no idea what I'm in for. I get it. But at least let me have my gleeful ignorance. Just let me have that.</p>
<p>So instead, I've been trying to gravitate towards those parents who don't view their kids as a hindrance to their lives. Granted, their lives look different now than what it did in their 20's. But they experience life <em>with</em> their children. Not away from them. We put so much undue pressure on ourselves in this modern culture and lace it with sarcasm to cover the cracks. And then we wonder why we're so anxious?</p>
<p>My goal for parenthood is to live my life integrated. It won't be perfect, and it will look different than yours. But I refuse to believe that my life is ending just as my child's begins, it's taking on a different shape. And I couldn't be more excited for that.</p>
<p>---</p>
<p>Parenthood is hitting me earlier than I had planned, but I think that's why God gives us nine months. It's not just time for the baby to grow. It's time for <em>us</em> to grow. We need time to wrap our heads around what exactly is happening.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Where did the time go?</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>

