---
layout: post
title: Top 10 Reasons To Never Have Children
date: 2013-10-19 02:36
author: ryanstraits
comments: true
categories: [family ties]
---
<div>...or what I've learned in 12 months of being a father.</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div>---</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div>My daughter is going to be one year old next month.&nbsp;</div>
<div></div>
<div>Two words just rolled off my fingers in that last sentence that still continue to blow my mind.</div>
<div></div>
<div>Daughter. One.</div>
<div></div>
<div>It's undoubtedly been an amazing year. My little girl is my favorite person in the world. Our home is filled with so much more joy than I could have ever imagined. And while we're talking about imagining things, I couldn't imagine life without her right now.</div>
<div></div>
<div>But I also couldn't have imagined how much it would change me as a person. I really tried hard to be earnest when it came to parenthood. There's a lot of unintentional negativity surrounding freshly-minted parents that I don't think I realized before. "Enjoy your free time now!", "Oh buddy, get ready!" and "Get some sleep now cuz you won't soon!" are all typical phrases you'll probably hear from other parents. That sarcasm, while not intended to be negative, can add a lot more undue intrepidation</div>
<div></div>
<div>While I know&nbsp;</div>
<div></div>
<div>My wife's pregnancy caught us both by surprise. We were only 5 months into our marriage and had talked about waiting a few years to have kids.&nbsp;</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>1. You Like Saving Money</strong></div>
<div></div>
<div>This is the first piece of your sanity to go. It's better to just go ahead and have a peace about it right now. That's because the blackness of your bottom line starts to fade long before your child even gets here. Strollers, cribs, changing stations, decorations, bottles, binkies, breast pumps, decorations, diapers, car seats, clothes, yet more completely needless decorations.</div>
<div></div>
<div>True, friends and family often pitch in at the beginning to get young parents rolling--and that's big, don't get cute and refuse freebies at this stage of the game--but a good portion of the funds are going to be coming straight out of your wallet. And the fun thing with kids is they will never cost less than they do today. I call it the Law of Accelerating Funds Formula, or LAFF.</div>
<div></div>
<div>LAFF because you're going to laugh at how much those 12 month-old sweaters cost.</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>2. You Have An Intense Aversion To Things With An Oozey Consistency Or Fetid Odor</strong></div>
<div></div>
<div>This is pretty much every human being ever, so don't worry about meeting this criteria. You'll become dead inside soon enough.</div>
<div></div>
<div>Especially in your olfactory nerves and whatever it is that controls your gag reflex.&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>3. You Have What You Like To Refer To As A "Social Life"</strong></div>
<div></div>
<div>Having a social life is often what leads to making babies so you might want to watch out for that right off the bat. That's a freebie.</div>
<div></div>
<div>It's actually pretty easy to carry on a social life soon after the baby is born. Newborns like to sleep a lot and they sleep at weird hours. This changes pretty fast though, so use up that social capital while you've got it. My daughter goes to bed now at 8pm. Good luck even taking them out to dinner somewhere half-way nice at that stage. Unless you're getting early bird specials with all the blue hairs, you're probably going to be eating at home.</div>
<div></div>
<div>Lastly, bear in mind you're going to look like a total creeper--or best case, a bad parent--carrying a sleeping newborn around anywhere other than a Target or a Chic-Fila.</div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>4. You Like Keeping Up With The Latest In Pop Culture</strong></div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div>No you don't. Stop, just stop. You're a parent now. This should be the most glaring and final clue that you're old and hopeless. You're going to start learning what's cool from your kids very shortly. Don't try and keep up, you're just going to run out of breath.</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div>I used to keep up pretty well on the latest music and trends. You might've said that I stayed just barely ahead of the curve. These days I'm lucky to know about a new band AFTER they sell out. I find myself liking (and being able to afford) clothes more at Old Navy rather than Gap. I barely recognize this stranger I've become.</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div>So go ahead and tell "Cool" to run on ahead without you. Take a breather. Slow your roll. You might think that life's just getting faster. But really, you're just slowing down.</div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>5. You Prefer Watching Movies In The Theater Over DVD</strong></div>
<div></div>
<div>The movie Oblivion came out on April 10th, 2013. I REALLY wanted to see Oblivion. I just saw Oblivion on October 12th on DVD. With my half-interested wife. On our anniversary. Because she humored me.</div>
<div></div>
<div>I also wanted to see Star Trek, Man of Steel and World War Z. I saw none of these movies. As a single man, I would usually see blockbuster summer movies in the theaters. On opening night. With my close friends.</div>
<div></div>
<div>The problem now is all those friends still see it on opening night. You, however, are stuck at home on Friday nights with your kid(s). Whenever you get a free night to see said movie, you either can't find anyone to go with you or THE MOVIE IS LONG OUT OF THEATERS.</div>
<div></div>
<div>So you'll rent them on DVD and watch them after your little one(s) are in bed. If you even care to watch such a long out-dated movie anyways. You probably had the plot ruined by all your friend's on Twitter three months ago. Or if you're like me, you just went and read the complete synopsis on Wikipedia and called it good.</div>
<div></div>
<div>This is your new, sad reality, friends.</div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>6. You Like To Work Out On A Regular Basis</strong></div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>7. You Usually Work 45+ Hours A Week</strong></div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>8. You've Had A Pet Die On Your Watch</strong></div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>9. You Have A Cold, Dead Heart of Stone</strong></div>
<div><strong><br /></strong></div>
<div></div>
<div><strong>10. You're Selfish</strong></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div></div>

