---
layout: post
title:  33&#58; Growing Up/Growing Older (Part 1)
date:   2015-07-20 04:00
categories: 
tags:
- middling-age
- my-body-is-a-cage
- fambly
- jesus-etc
comments: true
image: /assets/images/33.jpg
---


Or, "A few thoughts on growing up and growing older.""

<!-- break -->
---

## Preface

> “Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one." - C.S. Lewis 

What follows is a tongue-in-cheek treatise, of sorts, on my experiences growing older and nearing middle age. It's part memoir, part advice column, part commentary, part confessional, part gag reel. With these posts I'm by no means claiming expertise on the subjects contained within, only sharing some of the things I've discovered along the way. 

I had originally intended to publish a shorter version of this post around my 33rd birthday last fall. However, as my thoughts gained structure, the scope quickly expanded--as broad topics have a tendency of doing with me--and so I've broken this whole mess down into three more manageable posts. You're free to ingest any or all of them with however many grains of salt you require. Part 2 should be up in a month or two. And I hope to have Part 3 finished by my birthday in November.
 
This isn't meant to be a conversation starter, though you're more than welcome to chime in. It's more an exercise in collating and fastening down a few thoughts, realizations and revelations that have been jangling around in my head for a few years now. It's me attempting to make sense of my journey so far and looking forward to the journey ahead.

But I also hope that you're encouraged by this sort of candor and honesty in the same way I am. I'm talking about those refreshing moments that hit you when someone speaks to a thought or an experience that you have also had at one point or another. To know that you're not alone in your oddities and idiosyncrasies, but that you instead share some basic sense of commonality and commiseration across the entire human race. I pray these posts give you at least one of those moments.

Because in the end, we're all just growing old together.

---

## Intro: The Age Of The Lord

I turned 33 this past November. It's an age some of us can probably remember our parents turning but never dedicated much forethought to becoming ourselves. When you're young, it's just a far-off point on the horizon. It's Marty McFly watching his dorky-dad-self in the *distant* future of 2015. It's that boring mid-point between "younger" and "older".

While there is some truth to that, I suppose hitting 33 was highlighted as a worthy age for reflection on my own calendar due to the permeation of Christianity throughout my childhood. Those of us who attended Sunday School will recall that 33 was the age that Jesus completed his earthly ministry and died on the cross. A somewhat random factoid about the life of Christ that despite all the significance tied to numbers in the Bible, doesn't seem to mean all that much.

And then you actually reach the age of the Lord yourself, and you start to wonder: Umm. So just what was the deal with him only living 33 years? 

If it was dying on the cross he wanted to do, he could've accomplished that after only, say, 18 or 20 years, to be humane. If he wanted to do all the miracles he could or make as many disciples as possible, why not live longer? What was so special about 33?

I didn't do any deep diving into the scriptures on the significance of the age 33--sorry, this isn't going to be that kind of post--though many have postulated their own [theories](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20070406181925AA1nBWX) on the subject already. Even still, I feel this past birthday of mine has given me a little perspective on just what the Lord's holy reasoning might've been:

Basically, things just start to suck around 33. 

It actually starts to suck around 30, honestly, but most of us have the fortitude to deny it for a couple of years. 33 is just about when the full weight of middle age sets in. Take pro athletes, for example: when does the level of their game start it's steepest decline? [Pretty darn close to 33](http://deadspin.com/report-troy-polamalu-has-revelation-in-church-retires-1696917787). I'm guessing Jesus didn't feel so different, divinity and all.

See, you're not quite at your mid-life crisis by 33 but you're starting to feel it slowly creep in. You feel it in your body. In your soul. And in your spirit. You are getting *old* and there is no going back.

Of course, there are trade-offs to the downsides of getting older. I doubt any of us past 30 would give back the wisdom we've gained since our younger years. We may be quite alright giving back many of the mistakes we've made but we certainly wouldn't ask for a refund on all the valuable lessons we've learned from those mistakes. Those of us with kids wouldn't give them back. Well. Maybe some would. For most of us, though, these intangible areas of life only get richer the older you get.

But you have to think Jesus knew what he was doing when he high-tailed it back to heaven at such a young age, right? "I'll just do my thing, save the world and then get the heck outta Dodge before I wind up with a wine gut."

Take it from the Creator of the carbon-based life-forms we call bodies: it's pretty much all downhill from 33.

---

## Part 1: Body

I *feel* old.

Though, you're always going to have those crazy outliers who are all too happy to exclaim, "I'm 33 and I feel great!" Compared to your pre-33-year-old self, however, you objectively feel like crap. You just don't know it because, well, that's the fun thing about aging: it slowly sneaks up on you.

Every year your body is going to suck just a little bit more. It's kind of a verifiable fact.

Yes, by 33 your body has already started breaking down. They say that your [age 27 year](http://io9.com/5176536/your-brain-starts-deteriorating-by-age-27-say-neuroscientists
) is [statistically](http://www.mindpowernews.com/BrainPeaks.htm) when your [mind's cognitive ability](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7945569.stm
) starts to trend downward. What MIT calls your ["fluid intelligence"](http://newsoffice.mit.edu/2015/brain-peaks-at-different-ages-0306?utm_content=buffer29268&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) actually peaks at little earlier...at age 20. In turn, your body's metabolism starts it's long arc of decline at [around age 24](http://www.mensfitness.com/weight-loss/burn-fat-fast/ask-mens-fitness-what-age-does-persons-metabolism-start-significantly-slow).

"It's not fair," you might think, "20 is too young to start declining." But if you step back and look at the entire pantheon of human history, 20 is right at the cusp of our collective median age. 200 years ago the average lifespan was *barely* 40 years. In that respect, 20-year-olds should be having mid-life crises and buying red convertibles. And all before they can legally drink.

The older I get the more apparent it is that 21st century bodies just haven't caught up to humanity's expanding life expectancies yet. 

We are increasingly outliving our own functional lifespan.

---

We all know that we begin aging the moment we're born. Already my 2-year-old daughter has creases in her skin from lots of giggles and too much sun at the kiddie pool. We just don't pay close attention to our bodies' aging until we're older. When those creases become more prominent, when the weight is a little harder to keep off and when our hair starts letting go a little easier.

It's not until these mid-life epiphanies that we begin to consider that our lives might actually be finite just like everyone else's. I mean, how many times do you really think about dying before you hit 30? Maybe you had a near-death or religious experience, lost a loved one, or had a moment of clarity at your high school graduation. On the whole, though, we all plan our lives as if they're going to last forever. Somehow we're going to rise above it if we just ignore it.

It's only when your butt starts to sag a little that you snap back to reality: "Oh yeah, this body is probably only going to live another 50 years or so." 

This sucks.

---
### Finding Fitness

I've always been pretty keen on working out and trying to at least maintain a healthy weight. I kept up pretty well with it through my 20's. There was safety in the routine of it. I also think I inherited an irrational--though maybe healthy?--fear of getting overweight. So, my thinking was that if I could just stay a step ahead, I'd be able to head off my metabolism before it completely dropped off the cliff. This really just meant that I flailed my arms & legs on an elliptical in my parents' basement roughly 3 times a week. It worked for me only because I didn't *completely* hate it.

A revelation occurred to me in the summer of 2009, however, when I got into cycling. I'm not much of a runner--or an athlete, for that matter--so the simplicity of biking was something I embraced wholeheartedly. It was something I was finally good at. I bought a nice bike and while getting fit for it, the trainer commented that I had a nice pedal stroke. A nice pedal stroke! Dammit, I was *made* for this.

So I went for it full speed and racked up a lot of miles in my first few years. I took a hiatus after I moved from the expansive Ohio countryside to Kansas City and it's congested suburban streets. Then in 2011, I worked up the nerve and started wading through traffic and working my way back in to it. It was true love. I passed 2,000 miles on my bike in 2012 after nearly 3 seasons of riding.

And then my daughter was born.

---

For those without children: Basically, the birth of your first child is this unalterable, drastic upheaval in whatever form of a priority structure you once had. And one that you're pretty certain you'll never bounce back from. Up is down and down is less sleep. Oh sleep. How you can't wait til they're asleep! (I'll talk more on this in Part 2).

Over two years in, I'd like to say that my workout regimen has normalized since Audrey's birth, but that just isn't a reality:

>Bicycle rides in 2012 alone: 53.
>Rides since Audrey's birth in 2012: 30 and counting...

I'm getting back into it but I've had to adjust expectations. We got a gym membership recently at a local community center. Going as a family has helped. But there just isn't enough time in the day. Kids take up so much of it, and deservedly so. It's hard work but I doubt anyone with kids would trade them for anything. Even our fitness.

When I was a younger man, I looked sideways at parents that let themselves go after they had kids. "Convenient excuse", this all-knowing punk thought. "Just you wait", they'd say back to me in a look that didn't require saying anything at all.

When you break my day down now, the time I spend with my daughter overlaps nearly completely with the time I used to spend cycling or working out. And I'm OK with that. It just means I have to work a little harder to find something else to steal time from. Usually, it's from television. And from typing up blog posts such as this. 

Really, when I get a chance to work out, I'm also working out for Audrey. The better shape I'm in today means I'm going to be much a happier and healthier dad tomorrow. And eventually, a happier and healthier grandpa for her to take care of somewhere down the line. All the more reason to hit the bike and the gym with whatever waning moments I have left in the day.

It's hard to admit this to teenager-me or 20-year-old-me, but an extra 10-15 pounds just isn't that big of a deal at this stage of the game. And you care less about those extra pounds the older you get. That's just life. There are plenty more important things to worry about.

So that's what I think when I look at parents now. I commiserate. I get it. This stage of life is rough. It's a boxing match with entropy. And the body blows only hit harder and harder the older you get.

---
### Middling Age

Aging is weird. 

Your 30's reveal that--like some cruel plot twist early in the 2nd act--your body has just been out to betray you all along. It's slowly been switching from your side to the one of some unknowable, unrepentant force of evil. And no matter how hard you try to coax and convince it, it's just not coming back.

Things that you used to enjoy--like sleeping in, eating, showering, and pick-up games of any sport--now become reflections on your fragility. I can't sleep-in past 8AM now without my back feeling like it's going to dislodge a vertebrae. Eating becomes a tally of how many pounds a meal will add to my waistline and how many miles are required to run/bike it off. Showering enters a whole new level of creepiness now as you horrifically gaze in the mirror at this saggier, hairier, alternate-reality version of your 20 year-old-self staring back at you. And this happens everyday.

And, well, you just *hurt* after any and all prolonged periods of activity now. You hurt a lot.

But obviously, there is a richness to this stage of aging that I've been skirting. For all the fresh wrinkles, new aches and extra pounds, there's an airy plateau of transcendence that can only be reached once you crest that first hill of your 30's. A plateau that gives you a clearer view of your life and how little of it you actually have left.

I've made it this far and my body is still intact. I have the majority of my hair, more brown than greys and still some bounce in my step. I managed to snag a wife before I hit 30, so really, there's no one left to impress. What do I have to worry about? Just squeezing every ounce of life out of this old thing that I can in the next 50 years or so, that's all.

It's not rosy but I think having a firm grasp on your finality is a good thing. It makes you try harder, push deeper, and commit more fully. You are much less likely to half-ass your way through life when you have an achy back or a creaky knee constantly reminding you that your body is trending in a downward direction. 

---

Earlier I noted an MIT study that claimed our "fluid intelligence" peaked at age 20. If you actually clicked the link and read on from the first few paragraphs, you'd realize that I wasn't entirely truthful with what I reported back. Oops, creative license.

Yes, some of our cognitive abilities peak when we're younger, but many more are still ascending upwards through our 30's and even into our 50's and 60's. Facial recognition and visual short term memory both peak in your early 30's, if we're to believe that MIT study. Our vocabulary and the mental skills needed to evaluate other's emotional states peak in our 40's and 50's. Well, that's certainly something to look forward to!

And really, it makes sense. My mind doesn't feel all that old. In fact, it's still on point. Our 30's are the years to take advantage of our superior mental acuity. Middle age is the unique period of life when you will actually know more than both your kids *and* your parents. 

You're probably not going to be more "with it" mentally than you are in your 30's. This is a gift, and we would do well to take advantage.

---

Now, I know there will be folks several years my senior that will no doubt scoff at a 33-year-old complaining--and writing so darn long--about feeling old. I get that. I know I have plenty of aging, aches and probably pounds left ahead of me.

But I think if you polled a few individuals down the road a ways past 33, and asked them to recollect what age they first started to feel the full force of aging, I'm pretty certain the majority will agree that 33 is when they first started to feel it...

33 is about when they started to feel "old".

---

Thanks for reading, friends. "Part 2 - Soul" will be coming your way in roughly a month. Until then...

