---
title: Blog 3.0
date: '2015-07-27 02:00:00'
categories: []
layout: post
author: ryanstraits
tags:
- we-laugh-indoors
- that-sad-and-holy-glow
comments: true
image:
slug: blog-3.0

---
Well, here we all are again.

<!-- break -->

Every few years, I just need a fresh new start. Usually for me, that means a new blog and an attempt to start writing semi-regularly again.

So here it is, fresh & squeaky-clean: Blog 3.0. 

I can't promise much more than I have on the last few. Yes, Xanga and Squarespace got me through some formidable years. And I've tried <a href="https://medium.com/@ryanstraits" target="_blank">Medium</a> & <a href="http://ryanstraits.svbtle.com/" target="_blank">Svbtle</a>, each with varying success. But I ultimately decided it was time to carve out my own little corner of the interweb.

At the suggestion of my friend <a href="https://twitter.com/eh" target="_blank">Eric</a>, I decided to give <a href="http://jekyllrb.com/" target="_blank">Jekyll/Github Pages</a> a shot and so far I'm digging it. It's a bit more coding than I've done in the past, but I've enjoyed the learning curve. I also probably spent *far* too much time tweaking this site to my liking from the original <a href="https://github.com/dirkfabisch/mediator" target="_blank">Medium-esque</a> theme that I heisted, but I'm pretty proud of the finished product. Expect more updating to the theme & features as time goes on.

You'll also see that I ported over all my past blogging adventures to this new site. Yeah, I went there. Xanga 'n all. Pretty embarrassing stuff on that old blog, but the [serial archivist]({% post_url 2008-03-28-im-a-serial-archivist %}) in me is pleased to have all of my online writing endeavors now in one, succinct location.

---

Finally, to breathe some fresh content into this new blog of mine, I'm kicking off a 3-part series starting today. A bit of a lofty goal, I know, but one that I'm pretty keen on completing. It'll be centered around some observations of mine on life after 33 years of living it. Part 1 and a brief intro have already been posted!

###Growing Up/Getting Older
+ [Intro]({% post_url 2015-07-27-growing-up-getting-older-intro %})
+ [Part 1: Body]({% post_url 2015-07-27-growing-up-getting-older-part1 %})
+ Part 2: Soul (coming roughly Sept. 2015)
+ Part 3: Spirit (coming roughly Nov. 2015)

You can also dive into a few fun little rabbit holes by using the tagging system that I added. Here are a few fun ones to get you started:

+ [Xanga](/tag/xanga) (my old Xanga posts, circa 2003-2007)
+ [Squarespace](/tag/squarespace) (my old Squarespace posts, circa 2007-2013)
+ [Tour-Blog](/tag/tour-blog) (a blog I kept while on tour with the band State Bird in the Summer of 2007)

Thanks for reading!